[Music]
Yes it would be good to talk about this since it
is in the title of the director of
family important important very very
important that we are growing
a lot in the last week okay I was
going to leave cha valeriana jokingly jokingly
and joking is a joke well well
well it's not a joke
but subscribe and not only
subscribe but check that you have the
subscription activated on the main channel
in Javier Olivera on my main channel
today listen to me there here almost three thousand
people at three something in the morning
Javier never say that never never it's a
joke never I have always been here we
will grow old together family kids
when I die of your father you
will still be forty fifty
years old and I will die do
n't happen and thank you very much well
officially the chocas officially the
chocas if you let us see who
sets the camera for you because the ladies I do
n't think it's true that good one they are already those
good ones they are already those good ones or what [ __ ]
but why do they look down on the ladies
listen to me
the choque has put this I will return on
Monday or Tuesday I'm fine when I
return I will tell you
let's see what he tells us has been  seen
the crash has been seen on several
occasions yesterday there was the chocas with
cecilio je
rapping on stage
[Music]
but because he choca raps this he had no
[ __ ] idea
this is this was public domain it was
known that the collision was rapping
what do you think will happen the collision now that it will
return well nothing as if nothing had
happened from time to time they
will comment on it as a joke about the
multiple accounts almost she
then knew it is fine something was wrong with her it
was that they asked for it nothing is wrong with her
let's see it is that I have been saying it
all week let's see if she gets caught
something regrettable and disgusting okay
doing pathetic things but what
people were saying falsely well-being careful
is careful with mental health let's
see if we are going to have a misfortune as
if the collision was about to
commit something crazy because they caught her
doing that it is the double standard and
progressivity later when there are people
who have been about to as if they had
had the weaker mind yes they
could have committed some
crazy thing that they received for a thousand what they have
done the choca there they have  given a stick
when those people have exploded they have
completely lost the
island papers to opal and they have criticized it because it
is the double standard of institutes
that we have on the network today we
behave like high school bullies and I
include myself because sometimes they add me
to the mob okay I try not to do it from
now on and be clear and
forceful okay but generally we
behave like high school bullies
if someone is frowned upon it is well
seen in order to be accepted it is well
seen to repudiate someone as happened with
wind and not what wind did and what
wind did and it wasn't that bad really and
I with wind and I have my problem that
Canada wanted to throw me I know little okay but at
wind and they gave him an impressive boom
because I uploaded a photo of Greg giving him a
kiss on the cheek it's like and what
but as it was well said to go against
windy and the cool ones went against
wind and she was like the annoying one and I don't know what
I was always the seo salt channel that
supported whitney I turned against
wind and with the thing  juan and ari because it is
very wrong to throw videos at people and I will
always criticize it of everyone who
does it, everyone, even when
Dallas did it, I did not insult him, I did not do to him, I do not know
what but I also criticize him, it is unfortunate
that Darla starts throwing a video and starts throwing it at him
for copyright, you already
the south, regrettable, I think that he
does that now because Dallas is at the
same level as Wind and it happened to him, no, how are they
going to criticize me, they are going to throw
[ __ ] at me and give me hypocrites more than 100
everywhere, well I do not care that they
criticize me for this too, but he does not
agree to continue videos, he
himself does not agree to continue
fraudulently using the copyright tool,
but I have always supported Wind, he has
always done better things, they have put
together worse things,
but I have always supported Wind, and I did an
interview on my Divos channel,
but they criticized it, they removed it for
regrettable things and now he said about making fun of Win,
but there were things that were funny,
there were things that were funny, you
know, in things that the
issue of the titles was very funny, like used, but
not  the criticism in combat when giving it with
malice when he threw the videos at me as
is logical
but I also did not give him a cane
disrespect I do not know what
and the poor thing getting sponsors for
those people and nobody supported her
wind and always helps a lot of people to the
entire field day
the archangel gabriel
what happened with the archangel gabriel
was funny not funny but he loses his
temper but oh well we are not going to do it
we are not going to focus on other topics
that we will deal with other days okay they catch him
colliding with something that is
completely cancelable that is not giving him
a kiss on the cheek serious
okay they catch him colliding with something that is
totally
regrettable
shameful eat that we are not going to
bully him when they collide and we are going to trample him
and we are going to insult him and we are going but
this yes that to invite them more to the
tournaments and to the little things from the they will
continue inviting to things because the
clash is well seen and is loved and
here there is a thank you and it is
and done that he can do whatever he wants
sancho marry her with a multi account to
suck up the support to  himself to
insult people
to start fighting with people and
put himself on the same level as I have had them
and things because how many people
put me in the comments on YouTube if I agree with
Dallas on something he
has it is the Dallas mascot he justifies
Dallas for all I don't know what
but Javi don't compare me to Dallas for
throwing videos he has justification there is no
justification throwing copyright video
but if he has videos even in the one where he
says it and criticizes people who do it
that he has videos saying Dallas
has videos saying if I have not thrown
videos where he slandered me because
copyright is copyright and the
copyright tool for when there is
reupload or something that is not fair use
really there is no
more but I'm not going to
argue with people who put that thing on me
in the comments even if I am at another level
or whatever I see for that to compare myself and
argue with people like that what do you
understand how I'm going to argue
with that so that I care if
they are stupid you
understand me
well in other topics but the clash
can do  whatever he wants and that's it and he's
going to continue inviting you that the clash is not
only that he will stop enjoying
people to criticize to put things to you
is quite, let's go let's go to there were
things that there were comments quite a lot
let's go to Tampa I liked it okay but
also he threw it at his own
classmates
from that account, I mean he said what he
really thought, I mean he
starts getting along with people
just so they invite him and to
be in the group of which it is
regrettable it is regrettable but it is the
double standard of institutes that
we have on the internet okay
I hope this guy is not wrong with you he
is not suffering
and nothing is happening to him nor is he about to
do something crazy because people
are criticizing him for the rest multi-account
perfectly
[Music]
that he is ashamed and you get embarrassed when
you catch a [ __ ] that everyone
is criticizing you for not feeling
well obviously
[Music]
mental health not as I say Jordi gual
the care of mental health be careful
with Dallas nobody said take care of
mental health when they saw Dallas
forming in this video they
criticized him  today he is wishing
death on no one
this time he was in that video he
completely lost his
mind also in that
video his mind went crazy
just like wind's and
not his mind but the result of a lot of
things
the result of a lot of things to the
collision what happened to him when he
crashed the thing about the multiple accounts was not
that his mind went crazy and that he
exploded it has been going on for a year day by
day
while in that year he was
normally extinguished the events in
his house I don't know what it is man it's that he
brings the mind to you your mind goes crazy
at a specific moment in a
moment it was a you explode one day
but it's something that was happening to him
for years
the collision was not happening to
anyone he is not up for things there were people who would
criticize him more or less what he wants
but the collision was not doing what they
were doing to onda la sauna
wind and you still know they
also said that dallas is already a
little turur yes but in a derogatory way
karime because you can choose well
say he is already going crazy but it is that he
is going crazy as a
result of
and  now we would have to
help him we
would have to turn our backs on him and not
continue and so when we are seeing that he is
rising we crush him more that
is the double standard of the
bullies I
mean we are seeing with a video he has
gone crazy mega okay he has gone crazy well
let's give him more cane so that he gets lost
ah
hypocrisy is hypocrisy
and here
[Music]
we are going to help the man for success
a guy who was insulting his
own followers other streamers
from his own trio and also one day
enjoying his own followers
his own yes and also there we
can see him on stage
but he has also stopped seeing also around
his city
without a mustache besides he has removed his
mustache look here he is with
[Music]
for his people and here you have it okay
the clash takes refuge in Lugo after his
latest controversy good days
off I don't want it I do
n't want what I
'm saying to be misinterpreted I
don't want what I'm
saying to be interpreted that we should give him cane
bullying trample on him
crush it I don't know what no I don't say that I don't say
that I'm not saying that I'm never saying that
directly to anyone not to me or my
enemies I say it's to crush it
when someone says something to me already the
best thing crush crush either I will
respond I will put the substitute
okay but I always say that you do not go
crushing anyone or anything like that
okay but
but one thing does not take away the other a
hypocrisy not mental health be careful
with the crash they tuned up how is the
move but as it is the novelty I mean it's
like if they catch me doing something
terrible terrible let's see also it
's not something at the level that you do
something wrong or something disgusting that they ask you
here on the phone insulting your father
speaking badly to your father imagine that
I left the camera open and you catch me here
and you catch me here I am talking on the
phone and I start talking on the
phone I saw for the dad that he is a [ __ ]
old [ __ ] dad [ __ ] the dick
and I speak badly to my father okay and I get
caught half r18 open  and you're
all listening to me and now the whole
internet starts going viral like billy look
I'm trending on twitter I
studied twitter trends
for three days everyone
attacking me everyone insulting me and
jordi gual shows up saying hey be careful
with xavi oliveira's people take care of your
mental health not criticism and many skillful
measures don't be the task
oliveira's madness came out divided by
you will have to pull whatever you have to
pull because what he's doing he's
doing to his father it's wrong
but it depends on what it depends
look yeah I've
never liked the clash much
of what was here but but but what
chavez imagined one thing
imagine if
I leave the live broadcast open
and they catch me yelling at my father on the
phone
okay imagine the
internet would treat me in a way
okay
but then imagine what happens to
dallas
imagine if dallas leaves the
live broadcast open and comes out insulting his
father on the phone
who would he treat him but worse the
interpreter
so much charm that thank you very much to who would
treat him worse on the internet
even the press comes out  Look today they put out
in the press that Dallas has defended
the singer, she is from the construction we
were talking about yesterday
and they have put the accusations of Dallas of
pedophiles of which I don't know how many in the
press again he will have to see the
video because surely those who
will have taken him to the press will have been the same as
always he will have to see the video that he has
made give them defending the chick is
with the accusations of pedophiles of
which he made the release
but he I tell them if they caught me
doing something like that outside you disbelieve and Adal
to the echo will be doing it surely they
would treat me worse than him but the thing is that if they
caught him crashing the choca he leaves
electric open and they caught him doing it done the
same they would forgive him I would
criticize him but there would be many people
who would say well calm down we don't know the
mental health we don't know the mental health
that he has and that is why I was talking
to his father that would be the case
and then
when they come here to my channel
I am the mascot truth I am not
objective I am not what I am saying I
am the most objective in the world
precisely I believe I am the most
objective in the world
precisely I believe  that what I do
is the most objective thing in the world
if he hadn't criticized Sauron but
only some random people they would have
forgiven him a lot and even if there is criticism,
one will be forgiven, he will come
back and that's it because he is
socially scared and well seen
accepted and goyo as a joke
what Collide does his direct
did it to Dallas
or did it I'm
not going to put Dallas
the million
but millions is not so well seen
even if it is a topic more or less with the
cool ones but the million is not so well
seen what he does he does the
best and they would send him to take it up the ass what
happens is that Collide already came out he
coded it as a joke 21 years old he
ate it like he is funny in his
character a dick his person a dick it
is that Dallas the best example to
demonstrate the hypocrisy of people
completely
I for that reason as always as an example it
is not to defend what is
also defended
quite well but that the one who has said he
knows about the subject for little thing has
said so many things that you have not even sent it to me
has said so little  which you didn't even
send him so he probably didn't
say [ __ ] he probably said he
understands it now he said something like that
no someone has seen Gonzalez's opinion
on the crash
someone asking to know about the
crash
I know he was reacting to
people's videos I don't know who yes he said wow
who but they probably
justified it now he said he
understands I don't know that I'll be fine that it will
multiply I saw it he didn't say anything
that the others have told me yes caribe
but with what in what tone
Gonzalez said in tweets that we shouldn't
idealize anyone
for Jordi
the crash goes to sleep Javi or I'll
tell you I'll tell you
[Music]